Amy: Previously on
"Heartland"...
(Loud squirt)
- Oh!
- What was that?
- Clay's ego was burning
out of control!
So I put it out... with ketchup.
(Horse whinnies)
- (Grunts in pain)
- Did you loosen Olivia's
saddle this morning?
Is that what I saw you do?
- (Nervous laugh)
- As of today,
Samantha is on suspension.
In the meantime, I'm gonna
choose a new headliner,
so I want you all to bring
your A-game!
**
(Truck rumbles)
(Hooves thud)
**
- Well, aren't we the keener.
- We both know how important
this practice is.
- Yeah, Natalie's finally gonna
pick me as the headliner.
- I have just as good a chance
as you do.
Sam: The only reason either
of you has a shot
is because you ratted me out.
You turned the coach
against me.
- No one ratted you out.
You did that all on your own.
At least she brought you
back from suspension.
- Yeah, but I'm still
in her doghouse.
- You're right.
I'm still ticked off about
that stunt that you pulled,
but that's not why you won't
be the headliner.
You've missed too many
practices.
So, yeah, I'll be picking
someone else.
Believe me, it wasn't
an easy choice.
Only two of you are even close
to being ready.
Georgie...
you're gonna be my backup...
to Olivia.
- Oh my God! I'm the headliner?!
- If you're ready
to do the work.
- Yes, I'm all in! Thank you.
Natalie: All right,
let's get to it then.
You need to learn
the tail drag.
- Really? But that's,
that's kind of, uh--
- Challenging?
Yeah, that's the point.
- Congrats.
- Thanks.
- Be careful, okay? The tail
drag's really dangerous
for someone at your level.
- My level?
- That's not what I meant.
- You're just jealous
that she picked me.
- Oh, you gotta be kidding me!
(Customers chatter)
(Music plays on the radio)
- Hey.
- Hi.
- Hi. What- what are these?
- For the Foothills Cowboy
Hall of Fame banquet.
- I, yeah, but I-
I just need one.
- Yeah, but what about
your students?
I mean, it might be an
inspirational evening
for them, you know,
make them aspire
to greater things?
- Yeah, all right, all right.
Can I pay you later for them?
- Yes.
- You could sell steak
to a vegan, you know that?
- I know. (Kiss)
(Door opens)
- Bye.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Oh, Saturday night.
Clear your schedule.
- Oh family dinner?
Nope. Tim's got a surprise
for you.
- Your aunt's a persuasive lady.
I just bought
the whole team tickets
to the Rodeo Hall of Fame
dinner. That's yours.
- I'd rather you got me some
big-time sponsor like Jade.
- What?
- How'd you do it?
- He didn't.
Chuckwagon Soups approached me.
And by the way,
I won't be needing a ticket.
They're hosting the event
and I'm a special guest.
- I don't get it.
You're not even a pro yet.
Jade: There you go.
Well, they wanted
an up-and-comer to be
the face of the company.
- What about me?
- Guess they wanted
a pretty face.
(Bell rings)
- This is because
you're a girl.
- It could be...
or maybe they just think
I'm better than you.
Either way,
I'm totally stoked.
Tim, get him whatever
he wants. It's on me.
- Come on.
(Hooves thud)
- (Chuckles) Hey, Monty!
(Monty snorts)
(Truck rumbles)
(Happy gasp)
(Truck squeaks to a stop)
(Door opens)
Will Vernon?!
(Laughs)
(Door slams shut)
I thought that was your truck!
Will: Oh my God,
you look great!
- (Laughing)
What a nice surprise!
- Oh, you're as sight
for sore eyes!
- (Laughing)
- Now, what's going on here?
- Oh! Um...
- Oh!
- I'm pregnant.
- Well, congratulations.
- Thank you.
- That is fantastic news.
As a matter of fact,
I happen to have a cigar...
No, wait a minute, the husband's
supposed to give me the cigar.
Where's he at?
- He's in Mongolia.
- No, he's not.
Where is he? Ty!
- Yeah, I'm afraid he is.
It's a long story and I will
fill you in, I promise,
but I want to see grandpa's
face when he sees you.
- Oh, I'm not sure
how many I need,
'cause I'm still thinkin'
about it.
I'll let you know.
(Chuckles) All right.
- Casey again, huh?
(Phone beeps off)
- (Groans)
- Honey, tell her how
many tickets you want
and she'll stop calling.
- Well, I'm not sure
I want any.
- You go every year! Come on.
- No, I'm serious.
I don't like how they're
runnin' things this year.
They shoulda already announced
who the inductee is
instead of waitin'
'til the actual night.
It's a dinner.
It's not a murder mystery.
- Okay.
- They're just tryin'
to sell more tickets.
Amy: Oh, grandpa...
- Yes, what is it?
Will: I'd recognize that
surly voice anywhere.
- Well, look what the wind
blew in here!
(Laughs heartily)
- How ya doin'?
Well, you said you had
an extra room
if I ever wanted to swing by,
so here I am, old buddy,
I'm swingin' by.
- (Laughs excitedly)
(Hooves thud lightly)
- Okay, we'll start real slow.
Now I want you to gently
lay back, flat out,
right over his butt.
Okay, you're too rigid.
Loosen up. Let yourself go.
Let yourself- Okay.
- (Nervous whimper)
Natalie: Really stretch out!
- (Terrified gasps)
No, I'm stuck! Help!
- Okay, okay, calm down.
- I'm gonna fall!
Natalie: Can someone help
Olivia up?
I have to hold the horse.
- (Frightened gasps)
- (Grunts with effort)
Here!
- Ah!
- Uh!
(Hard thud)
Here!
- Don't help me!
- Sorry.
- (Pants)
- You okay?
- She's fine. Right, Olivia?
- Yeah, I'm okay.
- All right, let's try it again.
- Just as an option.
There are a few other tricks
we could do,
like the Stroud layout?
Or the full fender...
- We're going with
the tail drag.
You're not scared of this,
are you?
- No! Uh, just we could try
a few tricks
that I'm more suited to,
'cause I am the head--
- You're the headliner
because I said so,
because I thought
I saw something in you,
but here we are learning the
first stages of a new trick
and you're already quitting?
- I'm not quitting.
- I need a rider with guts.
- Georgie, you're up.
- What?
- Unless you have a problem
with the tail drag as well?
- Uh, no, no! Not at all.
Natalie: Good.
Then you're my headliner.
**
* And at the break of day
you sank into your dream *
* You dreamer *
* Oh, oh, oh, oh *
Georgie: Hey, sorry I'm late.
Want to go sit down?
- No problem.
Is everything okay?
Georgie: Uh, yeah, actually,
I think I just made headliner
for the Extreme Team.
Jade: Seriously?!
- (Happy exhale)
- Way to go, kid!
- Thanks!
- That's amazing!
- What? What's amazing?
- I was picked to be Extreme
Team headliner.
My coach wants me to do
the big finish
at this season's show.
- Fantastic! That's what
you wanted, right?
Jade: That's awesome!
- Yeah, it's just
a little weird.
- What? What's weird?
- Just the way it happened.
She chose Olivia first,
but then got all mad
when was complaining
about this trick,
so then she changed
her mind and chose me,
but I was getting
a lot of dirty looks,
especially from Olivia.
- Well, of course.
They all wanted exactly
what you wanted.
- I just read this
in a science journal.
It said people who gravitate
to sports are actually born
with a gene that makes them
more competitive.
- You know, I bet Clay McMurtry
has that gene!
I wish I coulda seen
his stupid face
when he saw my billboard.
- Billboard? What billboard?
**
- Wow! It's incredible!
No short shorts this time.
- No, and that's gonna happen
with these people.
They are so straight-laced,
but I'm totally okay with that.
This deal means I can finally
afford to get my own place.
- You're moving out
of your mom's? Again?
- I already contacted Caleb.
His trailer's been empty since
Mitch moved off the property.
- Wow, some serious deja vu.
Jade: Which mean I'm having
another house warming party.
So, tomorrow night -
be there, both of you.
- Okay.
- The rodeo school guys
are already coming,
so you should invite
the trick riding girls too.
- Okay, well,
the Extreme Team and I
aren't so close right now,
but I can put it out there.
- Cool.
(Sighs) Well, I better get back.
- Great. Partying with
the rodeo crowd.
- Come on, it'll be fun.
Things are so awkward with
Extreme Team right now.
I think this will help.
We should go.
- Sure, why not.
It went so well last time there
was a party there.
- Just stay away from Olivia
and it'll be okay.
Tim: Well, they said
you were here,
and if I hadn't seen it
with my own eyes...
- Well, I'd ask how
you're doin',
but I can see everything's okay
in your little neck
of the woods.
- Casey McMurtry, Will Vernon.
- Hi.
- Well, now there's a rodeo
name if I ever heard one.
It's very nice to meet ya.
Sorry about your taste in men.
(Everyone laughs)
- Well, you got me there.
Will: Now are you the lady
that has the tickets
for this Hall of Fame deal?
- You're in luck. My company
always gets a batch to sell.
- Oh, great. Can I get two?
One for this fella right here?
- Oh, great. Now I have to go.
Will: (Coughs)
I think you'd find your way
there
whether I helped you
or not there, Jack,
'cause this could be your year.
- You know what?
I don't even care anymore.
Will: Yeah, right.
- Nothin' but one big
cash grab.
- Seems to be workin'
pretty nicely.
Jack's been down
on the Hall of Fame
since I got in before he did.
- Oh, no, that's not true.
- It's the only time he didn't
make it to the banquet.
- That's because
Lou was in labour.
- False labour.
- No, I don't like
the tone of this.
The whole point of this
Hall of Fame deal,
you're supposed to get together
with old friends
and talk about belt buckles
you didn't win,
and rodeo queens he didn't
quite catch and all that.
Remember that time in Airdrie?
There's a good example.
We had that party up there
after we won the team event,
and you were in the corner
in the kitchen--
- Stop. Now's not the time
to be talkin' about that.
- Really?
- Georgie, why don't you tell
them about your news?
- What news?
- Ah, looks like I'm the new
headliner this season.
- Oh, that's exciting!
- Well, good on ya!
- You don't seem excited?
- Well, I am. It's just,
I kind of feel bad for Olivia.
- Really? Why?
- Well, she was picked first,
but then she got all nervous
about the trick.
- What's the trick?
- Actually, it's the tail drag,
so I could use your help
learning it.
- Georgie, the tail drag?
At your level?
No, that's way too dangerous.
- Well, I can't say no unless
I want to end up
on the sidelines like Olivia!
- Well, that's better than
breaking your neck!
- Can we talk about this later?
- Yes, we definitely will.
- Okay.
Actually, I have another favor
to ask.
Jade's having a party
tomorrow night.
Lou says I'm not grounded
anymore,
so I'm okay to go
as long as you pick me up.
- Okay, I can do that.
What's this party for?
- Oh, it's her new sponsor.
She just moved back into
Caleb's trailer so...
- Wait second, back up.
Say that again?
(Door opens)
- Can I get you boys some tea?
- Actually, no, I'm gonna...
I'm gonna hit the hay.
Do you mind?
That's what I'm gonna do.
- Okay.
- Getting old now.
You know Jack.
Last time I saw him he said,
"Oh, I just got married,
to the most beautiful woman
in the world."
Well, he wasn't lying.
- (Chuckles) I'm sure.
- He did. Anyway...
- That's sweet of you.
- Hey...
Apparently you don't feel
too old to flirt.
- You gotta leave me
with somethin'.
Night.
Lisa: Night.
He's charming. (Chuckles)
- Yeah.
- Yeah, it's nice surprise
having him here,
but I gotta tell you
somethin' doesn't feel right.
- What do you mean?
- Oh, he keeps bringing
up the past
and he's tellin' old stories
and talkin' about old friends
and...
- Oh, honey, that's kinda
normal.
That's what we do
as we get older.
- Well, okay, but why would he
have come all this way
just to go to a dinner
he doesn't give a damn about.
- I don't know.
Well, why do you think
he's here then?
- Well, a few years back
another old rodeo friend
of mine -
well you remember him - Eli.
- Oh yeah.
- Well he dropped in out
of the blue
so he could tell me
he was dyin'.
- Oh, well...
You don't think that's
why he's here, do you?
- I don't know.
I mean, I hope not,
but the way he looks,
the way he sounds? I...
**
(Truck rumbles)
- (Annoyed exhale)
(Door opens)
(Door shuts)
**
- (Clear throat)
I hate to interrupt,
but the couple at the table
by the juke box need service.
- Um, I just need to let
you know
that I'm gonna have to cut out
for a while this afternoon.
Chuckwagon's doing
this promotion
and I have to hand out some
free soup and stuff.
- I think you're gettin'
a little too big
for your britches,
and I heard you're throwin'
a big party at Caleb's trailer
that you're renting again.
- So? I'm making enough money.
Don't worry about it.
- Yeah, that's what I thought
too when I got my first sponsor,
and then halfway through
the rodeo season
I was outta cash,
not to mention
the partying lifestyle--
- Tim--
- I'm just sayin', Jade,
I know all about this.
It's not a good path.
- Okay, you need to chill out.
I have worked really hard
for this
and I'm not just gonna
screw it up.
I rented a small trailer and
I'm having a few friends over.
It's not like I'm living this
crazy rock n' roll lifestyle.
God.
- The table!
- Geez!
(Dishes clank)
(Hooves thud)
(Tack jingles)
- (Clicks tongue)
(Hooves thud)
- What are you doin?
- I'm just warming up Checkers.
- You're not thinkin' of doin'
the tail drag I hope?
- I know it's a difficult trick,
but I'm sure I can learn it.
- Georgie, I'm not doubting
your ability,
but it's dangerous
for anyone to try.
I wouldn't do it.
If Lou knew allowed you
she would kill me.
- Well who says you have
to tell her?
- Come here.
Georgie, I wanna show
you something.
- Whoa.
- Okay...
if we keep Checkers
at a standstill,
can you get into position
for the tail drag?
- Yeah, I think so.
- Okay, let's see it.
That's it.
Now lay straight back.
Lay back... fully extended
right back -
More, more, there!
Good. Okay.
Now try to get out of it.
Come on. Use your stomach
muscles!
- (Grunts)
- Come on, use your hands!
Just... (chuckles)
Come on!
- (Grunts)
- See how tough that is?
- (Pants hard)
- Now imagine if you're going
at a full gallop
and your head's down
by your horse's hooves.
- I'll get stronger!
Amy: No, Georgie,
you're not ready.
I can't believe your coach
would even consider this.
Maybe if it was done
in tandem as a hippodrome
with a second rider able
to control the horse.
- That's not risky enough
for Natalie.
If I don't do this she'll just
move on to the next girl.
- Just because she's your coach
doesn't mean she's always right.
I know it might be hard,
but I think you need
to call her out on this.
Will: (Coughs and hacks)
- I'm gonna get his some water.
Lisa: My goodness!
- Are you all right?
Will: (Coughs) Oh wow!
(Grimaces)
Lisa: Can I get you
anything else?
Will: Mmm mmm.
A shot of whiskey.
That always helps.
- Aw.
- (Wheezing) I guess it's far
too early for that.
Lisa: Maybe a titch.
Will: I've gotta be smarter
about this.
(Sighs tiredly)
I tell ya...
Even a short stroll can
sometimes really take it out
of me
and I'm stupid.
(Wheezing cough)
That doesn't sound
too healthy, does it?
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
- I think maybe I...
maybe I'll lie down
for a second or two.
Do you mind?
Can you lend me a piece
of your paper?
How about the
Dagwood and Blondie?
- (Chuckles)
- I wouldn't mind catchin' up
with them.
Aw, beautiful.
Thank you, thank you.
- Okay.
Okay, you definitely need to
talk to him about his health.
(Fairgoers chatter)
- Are you a real cowgirl?
- I am. I ride crazy
bucking broncos.
- Wow! Really?
Can I take a picture with you?
- Of course.
(Camera click)
- Thank you!
- Here, guys. We'll get in
and take a picture.
- Yes!
(Laughs) (Camera clicks)
- That's perfect.
Make sure you tag me in that,
okay?
Brianna: Jade?
- Perfect.
- Hi, Brianna Landon.
I'm the rep from Chuckwagon
you'll be dealing with.
- Of course.
- I'm sorry I'm late, but, uh,
that was kind of the reaction
I was hoping for.
You are gonna be a really
positive role model for us.
I'll see you soon, okay?
- Okay.
- Okay, give me your pen.
Clay: Well, look at you.
- What's your name?
- You put the squeaky
in squeaky clean.
You should go
on a national tour,
hit all the Sunday schools
and church picnics.
- Thank you, Jade!
- Jealous much?
- Well, this isn't a good fit
for me anyways.
I'm too much of a wild spirit
for them.
- Oh yeah, I guess that's why
they never considered you
in the first place.
- Thank you!
- Why don't you just
get out of here?
- I'll catch you
at the party tonight.
Maybe we could play
pin the tail on the donkey
or musical chairs.
- Whatever. We'll see who has
the wild spirit tonight.
Hope your mommy gave
you a decent curfew.
(Girls giggle)
- Okay, everyone, obviously
lots of work to do
on everyone's strength
training today.
Let's get started
on the tail drag, Georgie.
- Um, actually I already did
some work on it this morning.
- Excellent! You hear that team?
That's the kind
of commitment I need.
- I don't think you understand.
I couldn't even pull myself
back up into the saddle.
- Well, like I said,
we have a long way to go
if we want to nail this trick.
- I'm sorry,
but Olivia's right.
I think we should
do something else.
- Fine, fine.
That's your choice.
I'm sure I'll find somebody
on this team
who's up for the challenge.
- You can pick whoever
you want but...
you shouldn't make them
do the tail drag.
It's too advanced
for any of us.
- Now you're telling me
how to coach?
- No, no, that's not
what I meant.
- I'm gonna pick
a new headliner,
and she will be doing
the tail drag.
Is that clear?
- Fine. Then I quit.
(Hooves clop)
- (Exasperated sigh)
Olivia: Hold up, Georgie.
I'm with you.
I'm quitting too.
Anybody else with us?
(Hooves clop, horse snorts)
**
- I'm sorry.
(Hooves clop)
(Music blares)
(Partygoers laugh)
- Thanks! Georgie! Come on!
- Oh, I'll be over there
in a second.
So she was really struggling
to get up
and then I run over to help-
- All those girls can talk
about is how you got up
in your coach's grill.
It's like you're some sort
of folk hero or something.
(Horn honks)
Aw, now this party's starting!
Awesome, boys, rig 'em up!
Yes! Come here, let's go.
Follow me.
- Are those what I think
they are?
- Beer funnels?
Yeah, we're gonna do some
friendly beer chuggin'
if that's okay with wholesome
Chuckwagon Soup girl?
- Uh, actually, barley soup
is my favorite kind.
- Oh.
- You and me,
let's go right now.
- All right.
- Can you get this on camera?
(Beer bottles clank)
- Okay.
Guy: Oh, hold steady there.
You ready?
(Beer flows)
Partygoers: (Chant)
Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug
Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!
Yeah! Woo! Woo!
- (Burps loudly)
Girl: Yeah, that was good!
(Everyone cheers and laughs)
- I beat you.
- Whatever.
- You okay?
- Charming.
You can stay if you want,
but I think I'm going
to get out of here.
- No. It's okay.
I'm ready to go when you are.
I'll call Amy.
(Pills rattle)
- You uh...
you think you oughta be taking
all those pills with whiskey?
- Ah, at this point, Jack,
I figure what's the difference?
(Chuckles) You know?
What?
So what about Ty now?
- Yeah.
- What's goin' on there?
He's in Mongolia?
- Yeah, he's, he's off
savin' the world.
- That has to be pretty tough
on Amy.
- Ah, no, no, no, she wanted
to support him on this.
They made that decision
together.
- Oh, well that's good.
I mean, far be it
for me to judge.
I'm hardly in a position.
First decade of my marriage
I was out the door
and on the circuit,
but we survived
'cause we were built for it.
Actually, there wasn't much
that me and Carol,
we weren't built for.
Of course until I fell apart.
You know we don't even
speak anymore.
- Yeah, well, that does seem
a shame.
- I'm sorry. I shouldn't...
Didn't mean to get
all heavy here. Not at all.
I guess I've been holed up
on your own a little too much
and I tend to dwell on things.
I think been doing
a lot of that lately.
- Will, there's somethin'
I've been meaning to ask ya...
- Sure, go ahead.
- It's got to do
with those pills
and your hackin' and coughin'.
- All right, well,
just go ahead and ask me.
- Yeah, okay, well...
the thing is I'm wonderin'...
- Just go for it. Ask me.
- Oh just...
Are you dyin'?
- (Laughs hysterically)
Am I dying?
You're beautiful!
- Well, then what's goin' on?
Why did you all of a sudden
show up at my door?
Why are you really here?
- Well, okay.
Look, I'm not supposed
to tell ya, Jack.
I promised.
So don't you let me down.
It's all gotta do with that
Hall of Fame dinner.
Like how they're telling
the inductee who it is
until the actual ceremony.
That's the big surprise
this year.
- Yeah, I know.
Will: Of course they had
to tell the person
who's gonna be doing
the presenting
and guess who that person is?
That's me.
You get it?
Jack, you're in the Hall.
You're finally gettin' into the
Foothills Cowboy Hall of Fame.
It's done.
Congratulations.
Lisa: Oh my goodness!
What is going on in here?
- We're having waffles.
- I can see that!
Is there some special occasion?
- I just wanted to start
this day... have a seat...
on a positive note with my
favorite people in the world.
- (Chuckles)
- (Laughing) Okay!
Um, what's happening?
- Oh, and I should mention
that I bought everybody tickets
to Hall of Fame dinner tonight.
- Wha-are you serious?!
You're the one that was
complaining about what a,
what a "clueless" association,
this stupid ceremony.
You bought us all tickets?
- Well, maybe they're not
as clueless
or as stupid as I thought.
- (Head slap)
- Oh my God.
- They voted you in.
- (Laughing) That's amazing!
Amy and Jack: (Laugh)
Amy: Where is dad?
He should be here for this.
- No, don't tell him.
I want to see the look
on his face
when they call my name.
That's gonna be just about
as sweet as gettin' inducted!
(Knock on door)
(Loud clattering)
(Bottles clank)
- Brianna.
- Hey, hey.
(Door bangs shut)
- Hey.
- Wow!
- Um...
- Looks like you had quite
the party here last night.
- No, yeah, it was just...
just a few friends actually.
So hey, I had a really good
time at our event yesterday.
- I'm really happy with
how it went too,
especially the way you interact
with the public.
It's... it's really terrific.
Anyway. I just came by to say
you did a great job
and drop off your first cheque.
- Thank you very much.
- (Chuckles)
- And don't worry, I...
I really planning on
doing well this year
and helping to boost
your company's profile.
- (Chuckles)
Well, that would be nice,
but it's even more important
that you represent us with...
with class.
Class and integrity.
- It's a promise.
- I can't believe what
I'm hearing.
You quit the Extreme Team?
You were gonna be
the headliner!
Georgie! Sit down.
- Dad, this is one time
when I think quitting
was the right thing to do.
I'm proud of Georgie for
standing up to that coach.
- Well, how bad could she be?
- It... You know, I'm-I'm pretty
much all talked out about this.
I'm gonna go change.
- This isn't a good thing!
I thought being a part
of that team was a positive
thing for her.
- I know, but since the
beginning this coach has been
pitting the girls against
one another
and destroying their confidence.
Now she wants them to do
this crazy trick.
- Did you tell Lou about this?
- She wants me to go talk
to the coach,
which is actually where
I'm headed right now.
- That's a good idea.
I'll come with ya.
- No, it's, it's okay.
I can handle it on my own.
- No.
Amy, I can put my two cents
worth in, coach-to-coach.
Cover me. I'm gonna be gone
for a bit!
- (Sighs)
- Can I help you?
Tim: Uh, yeah, hi,
I'm Tim Fleming.
I'm, I'm Georgie's grandfather.
- I'm Amy, her aunt.
- Nice to have
the family drop by.
- Well, this isn't just
about family.
We, uh, actually happen to know
a little something
about coaching.
- Oh, you do, do you?
- The tail drag,
I believe it's too advanced
for these girls.
- Oh, I see.
That's where Georgie
got all that bluster.
What's wrong with
challenging my team?
What's wrong with separating
them from the pack?
- I understand that you want
the most out of them, but...
- But you're gonna get 'em
killed out there.
You can't put their safety
at risk.
I have a rodeo school.
I know something about this...
- Are you kidding me?!
You're here to talk to me
about safety
and you put your kids
on broncs?!
- I don't put 'em broncs
until they're ready.
I encourage them
to challenge themselves,
not to impress me.
That's not coaching.
That's an ego trip.
- Oh, and old rodeo cowboy
like you
wouldn't know anything
about ego, right?
**
- (Sighs)
Jade: Georgie, where's Tim?
- Oh, I don't know. Out.
- Oh, thank God!
- I wouldn't feel
too comfortable.
He knows you're late and he's
pretty ticked off about it.
- Great.
- It's a good thing he doesn't
follow you on any social media.
Take a look at what Sam posted.
Partygoers: Chug! Chug! Chug!
Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!
- (Burps loudly)
Oh, that party was epic!
Why did you and Adam
leave so early?
- Okay, I gotta admit, you
throw one hell of a shaker!
- I do, don't I?
- I want a beer chuggin'
re-match though,
maybe at tonight's
Hall of Fame thing.
- No can do.
I'm gonna be in Chuckwagon Soup
goody two-shoes mode.
- Lame.
Georgie, are you goin' tonight?
- Yeah, with Adam.
- Cool. Sam's comin' too.
Maybe we could all hang out?
- So what's the deal
with that now?
Is she like your girlfriend
or something?
- Oh, I don't like to label
these sorts of things,
so don't go gettin'
all jealous on me.
(Chuckles)
- Couldn't you just punch him?
Ugh.
- Aw, I just...
Old days...
(Door opens)
- Hey, Will, how you makin' out?
Do you remember that time
I beat you in um...
- Ponoka...
- Ah!
- Will you ever let me
live that down?
This speech that
you're writin' there,
it's supposed to be about
my career, not yours.
- Well, then it might interest
you to know
that my best memory
from that whole weekend
was not me beatin'
you that bad,
it was actually that party
that we went to after.
Remember that party?
- Oh, here we go.
Will: You know, even after
getting his sorry butt
just kicked
he had the good grace to get
Lyndy to introduce me
to this sweet little thing,
this friend of hers that night.
- Well, that was big of you.
- Well, tell the best part.
- One year later, he was
best man at our wedding.
- Oh! That's sweet.
It sounds like you boys had
quite the time on the circuit.
Will: Yeah.
- Makes me a little jealous
I wasn't there.
- Well, it wasn't all just
a bed of roses, believe me.
- Well, don't downplay it.
You're supposed to be basking
in these glory days, aren't ya?
That's what tonight's all about.
(Door opens)
(Doors slam shut)
(Truck rumbles up)
- Natalie?
(Truck crunches on gravel)
(Door opens)
(Dog barks in the distance)
(Door shuts)
- I've thought about what you
and that blowhard father
of yours had to say.
- What is she talking about?
You and Tim went and talked
to her?!
- We were just trying--
Natalie: Don't be upset
with them.
They actually made me
re-consider my entire
coaching style.
Maybe I have been a bit
too hard on the team,
but it's only because
I see so much potential.
To be honest,
way more than I ever had.
I woulda killed for
half of your talent.
- Really? Well, then...
You've never said
any of that to us, ever.
- I know.
And I've lost the team
because of it.
Can you help me get them back
for one more practice?
I just want have a chance
to say my piece.
They'll listen to you.
(People chatter)
- Jade!
- Well, hey, I was just
on my way home
to get ready for the big event
tonight.
- That's what I came to see
you about.
You can keep your ticket,
but I won't need you
to promote the company.
- But you're the main sponsor.
Shouldn't I be doing something
as the face of Chuckwagon Soup?
- I saw that video,
with you, the beer funnels.
Not cool. Not for our brand.
- Okay, I know that was stupid-
- Yes, it was.
I told you we want someone with
class and integrity.
- I can get that video
taken down.
- It's too late for that.
- I'm really sorry!
- So am I, but what's
done is done and...
(Sighs) we're gonna have
to let you go.
- Seriously? I- You mean...
- Yeah.
You're fired.
(Music plays)
(Guests chatter)
**
- Hey guys.
- Hey.
- Um, Natalie showed up
at Heartland today.
- No way!
- Yeah, she wants us
to bring us back
to talk to the whole team.
I think we should let her.
- What? You're the one
who quit
and we all had your back.
- I know, but do you really
want to miss the whole season
just because of this
one coach?
What if he's different?
Sam: Okay, I'll listen,
but I'm not holding my breath.
- I know what you did!
Getting Sam to post that video
of me online!
- Whoa. What are you
talking about?
I post fun stuff all the time.
- Don't act all innocent.
He wanted me to lose
my sponsorship and it worked!
All because they wanted me
and not you!
Clay: Quiet down.
You are embarrassing yourself.
- You think it's bad losing
to a girl at broncs?
Wait 'til I kick your butt
right here!
Tim: Hey, hey, hey!
What's goin' on here?!
What was that about?
You can't make a scene here.
What would your sponsor think?
- Nothing. They already
dropped me!
- What?
- It's all Clay's fault!
He got his girlfriend to take
this video of me partying
and posted it online.
Partying? Wh-what kind of
partying are we talking about?
- It was no big deal.
- Well, it was obviously a big
enough for Chuckwagon
to drop you
and I got a feeling that
no matter what's behind this,
it's because you made
a bad decision
and that's not Clay's fault.
It's not anybody's fault.
That's on you.
Now sit down.
Don't make a scene.
(Cell phone chimes)
Oh.
- Hey!
Ty: Hey, is Jack there?
- Yeah. Um, oh, just a second.
Ty: Hey Jack!
- Ty! How the heck are ya?
- I can't believe
I'm gonna miss this!
- It's oh, it's no big deal.
- Oh, come on, we both know
that's not true.
You've deserved this for so long
and I'm so happy
it's finally happening.
I feel like a...
like a really proud son
or somethin'.
- Thanks, Ty. It...
that means a lot.
- Well, you go enjoy your night.
I'll talk to you soon, okay?
- All right. See ya.
Ty: All right, see ya, Jack.
- Hey.
Ty: Hey.
- Yeah, thanks for doin' that.
Ty: No problem.
- (Kiss) Modern technology.
- Yeah, I want to be beside
Jack to console him
when he doesn't win.
- (Chuckles)
- It's kinda become a tradition.
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen,
please give a warm welcome
to this year's presenter
of the 2016 Foothills Cowboy
Hall of Fame inductee...
Will Vernon!
Guests: (Applaud)
Woo! All right! Yay!
- What the hell is he doin'
up there?
- Just pay attention.
- Thank you, everyone. Hey.
Well, it's been a long time
since I've seen a lot of ya's
in this room here.
It's been nice to be back
with you again and...
you know, this is a great honor
for me to be able to present
this year's inductee
into the Hall of Fame,
except for the fact that
I have to do a little speech.
Guests: (Chuckle)
Will: So what I thought I would
do is start right about now
and list all his
accomplishments,
but then I was afraid that
we'd be here all night.
So suffice it to say that
this year's inductee
was a champion.
He's a champion in team ropin'
and saddle bronc, bulldogging...
You name it, he done it,
and he done it great.
He's a true all-around cowboy
if ever there was one,
but it occurred to me that
all the things that he did
accomplish
inside the ring
and in the arena,
were really nothing
compared to what he uh...
contributed and what
he brought to the fraternity,
and what he's done
for me personally.
I'll never forget, uh...
It's not a one of word
of exaggeration
when I tell you
that he saved my life.
and it was at a point when
I didn't feel like my life
was worth saving.
He's a true friend, and, uh,
in my mind he's the embodiment
of what great about this life
and about the rodeo.
And sometimes, you know,
when you have to wait
for somethin'...
it finally comes
and it's all the sweeter.
So ladies and gentlemen,
put your hands together then
for this year's new member
of the Foothills Cowboy
Hall of Fame -
Mr. Jack Bartlett!
All: (Cheer and applaud)
Yahoy! Yeah! Woo! Woo!
Good job! Woo hoo!
(Sharp punch)
(Applause)
Tim: Hey, Jack!
- (Laughing)
All: (Applause)
Will: That's yours, pardner.
Jack: Look at that...
Oh my Lord.
Guest: Woo!
Jack: Thank you, my friend.
- You betcha.
- Oh boy.
Well...
I am mighty grateful
for this honor, believe me,
and I can't lie.
I have wanted to be a part
of this...
this brotherhood
for a long time now!
Guests: (Chuckle)
- Now here we are and uh...
and I'm...
You know, earlier today my...
my loving wife, Lisa,
she gave me full permission
to bask in my glory days.
(Guest chuckle)
And she assumed that that was
the greatest time of my life,
but that's not actually true.
Yeah, don't get me wrong,
oh, I loved my days
in the rodeo,
especially the memories,
they've lasted a lifetime,
but, you know,
being a Hall of Famer,
it wouldn't mean anything to me
if I didn't have my family
and my special friends
to share it with.
So I want to thank them,
and you all know who you are,
for making these days,
the here and now,
the true glory days
of my life. Thank you.
All: (Applause)
Tim: Oh, yeah, yeah!
Guest: All right!
- Way to go, Jack!
- Way to go!
Guests: (Applause) Bravo!
- (Laughs)
- Hey.
- Hi.
(Door shuts)
- Well, the place looks
a lot better
than last time I was here.
- I just threw a party,
and the way you saw me in that
video, that's not who I am.
I was just blowing off steam.
It was only one night.
- That may be true,
but you're in the public eye
now, Jade.
You don't get to take
a night off...
not if you're gonna be
our spokesperson.
- What? I thought I was fired?
- We've been getting a really
positive response to you,
better than any promotion
we've ever done.
So my bosses were pretty upset
that I let you go.
It's my job on the line now...
if I can't get you back.
- Well, you don't have
to worry about that.
I am so in.
And I promise I won't do
anything to screw it up again.
Deal?
- Deal.
- Okay, first off, thanks for
agreeing to hear me out.
I want to start by saying
I'm sorry.
I guess I can be pretty
demanding and strict,
and I know I have some pretty
crazy expectations,
and I guess I got a little
carried away.
Okay, maybe more than a little.
I have to remind myself that
you're all still learning
just like I'm still learning
how to be a good coach.
So...
what do you say?
Will you give me another shot
at this?
- We all miss Extreme Team
and we want to come back
but the headlining trick--
- No, I know, I know.
You're not comfortable
with the tail drag.
And I did pick you
as the headliner,
so I'm willing to hear
what trick you want to do.
- I still think it should
be the tail drag,
but the safer version.
Two riders in tandem,
one doing the hippodrome
so they can control the horse,
and the other doing
the tail drag part.
I think Sam should be the one
to do the tail drag.
She's still the strongest
rider on our team
and she can pull herself up
no problem.
Olivia and I can take turns
doing thee hippodrome
at each show.
- How's that sound
to the rest of you?
Okay, so let's get to it.
- Hey.
Thank you.
Will: Great party last night,
great friends.
It really makes a man start
to think that maybe,
well, just maybe,
I've shut myself too far off
from the rest of the world.
- Oh, well, it's not too late
to expand your horizons.
You're not dead yet, are ya?
Let me look.
- Despite what some people
think.
- (Chuckles)
- But I was thinkin' maybe...
I'd go outside my comfort zone
as they say,
maybe, uh, I drop in
on the ex.
- Couldn't hurt.
Couldn't hurt at all.
Natalie: (Clicks tongue)
Okay, girls, let's try this
at a slow trot.
- Way to control the horse,
Georgie!
Give it a try when
you're ready, Sam!
**
- (Happy sigh)
(Claps)
All: (Clap)
(Happy sigh)
Natalie: Good job, girls.
A bit bumpy, but a really
good start.
Georgie and Sam:
(Laugh excitedly)
Sam: What a rush!
- (Chortles)
- (Laughing) What?
- I'm just imagining her face...
(Chortles)
when she sees me darkening
her door again.
(Door bangs shut)
(Chortles)
What do you think
she's gonna say?
- Ah, who knows.
Probably something like...
"Hello, Will, I'm glad you
finally made it."
- Yeah?
Well, I hope so.
Listen, thanks, Jack.
- Good luck, Will.
(Pats truck)
(Truck starts up)
- I bet there might be a few
four letter words in there.
- (Chuckles)
- See ya.
- Yeah.
* If it weren't
for second chances *
* We'd all be alone *
**